README.md, before:

# **Trifolium**
Gold Stake focused vanilla and mod rebalance.

# **about the mod**
As I've come to play more and more mods, I realized that balance in most of them had been neglected. 
Particularly as it pertains to higher difficulties and while it's completely understandable that people focus
on creative expression making them, it does leave a big gap for people like me who enjoy the base game for how well balanced it is and the challenge it provides.

This mod is an attempt at providing this space with thoughtful balance and design, by tweaking redesigning the community's favorite mods.

# **Content**
All of this changes can be fully reviewed in the changelog folder above. Over time I will also provide with full explanations for the changes.

Vanilla:
A handful of changes to polish some rough edges to the base game.
- 16 Jokers.
- 2 Consumables.
- 3 Vouchers.
- 1 Deck.
- 6 Tags.

Opandora's Box:
Full rebalance and redesign. Plus a handful of bans.
- 42 Rebalanced and redesigned Jokers.
- 1 Redesigned Spectral
- 20 Joker or Consumable Bans.

# **Suported Mods**
All of these are incredible works of art. Check them out, with or without my mod.

Opandora's Box.
https://github.com/ohpahn/opandoras-box/

# **Bugs**

Please mention any problems this mod might have in Discord or here on GitHub. 
While I've not found any problems, I literally learned to code a week ago. So, you know.

Commit message:

Update README with future work and supported mods
Added a section for future work and updated supported mods.

README.md, after:

# **Trifolium**
Gold Stake focused vanilla and mod rebalance.

# **about the mod**
As I've come to play more and more mods, I realized that balance in most of them had been neglected. 
Particularly as it pertains to higher difficulties and while it's completely understandable that people focus
on creative expression making them, it does leave a big gap for people like me who enjoy the base game for how well balanced it is and the challenge it provides.

This mod is an attempt at providing this space with thoughtful balance and design, by tweaking redesigning the community's favorite mods.

# **Content**
All of this changes can be fully reviewed in the changelog folder above. Over time I will also provide with full explanations for the changes.

Vanilla:
A handful of changes to polish some rough edges to the base game.
- 16 Jokers.
- 2 Consumables.
- 3 Vouchers.
- 1 Deck.
- 6 Tags.

Opandora's Box:
Full rebalance and redesign. Plus a handful of bans.
- 42 Rebalanced and redesigned Jokers.
- 1 Redesigned Spectral
- 20 Joker or Consumable Bans.

# **Suported Mods**
All of these are incredible works of art. Check them out, with or without my mod.

- Opandora's Box.
- https://github.com/ohpahn/opandoras-box/

# **Future Work**

As of writing I'm expecting to work on:

- Plantain.

- Greener Jokers

- All in Jest

If you like my work, please tell me about any mod you would like to see me working on. Preferably those that are meant to be balanced but didn't quite bring it to high stake level.

# **Bugs**

Please mention any problems this mod might have in Discord or here on GitHub. 
While I've not found any problems, I literally learned to code a week ago. So, you know.
